well it looks like when I rush comes
town yeah masters what not one big hit
that's moving so fucking fast weird
allan ramsay of ghostbusters the second
oh you're right good verse 12 though
pretty Spears hey when she smokes a lot
cigarettes yeah
you can I
rounded or something okay office will be
other yeah you're gonna be like I am
part of the flesh see look at that
Becker its hat means business
fucker also
yes no but yeah no no no Moscow cell
door opens at Lane holy good are you
seeing were to marry Robin gonna be lots
of feeling sick feeling that you can
relive all right with that one I'm
feeling you good feeling feeling for you
hey Brian you know used to do dude
that's got to go like after fucking
nightmare living
like I say with my compositions arm yeah
yeah oh oh yeah yeah give me that my
lord fish are you specially dilation
black white red feel the vibration I'm
not gonna sing second into the first
hope she'd get free to what way ha ha ha
let some other stuff yo Don say we in
the middle business wheeler kicking in
business
what's going on w rhenium son what a
crazy last we're wasting money this is
hot white men waste money hundred
dollars rap session
the Harz is perfect hey what's up tell
Kim a guy vocals no bring it wrong I
love you right now so i had to switch to
vocals just know you'll see this fucking
hey no Travis it's mean bars how's it
going great and kick your ass this Bud's
for you hey hey this one's for you hey
boss I say hey you don't play right no
idea hey cool truce idea truce walk into
the duty of one day this like they got
nobody knows shit from here to Gibraltar
but not good idea great you know the
foie gras I notes you know really
capture that sound
you